parse_cleanup:x]           STRUCT - tos:x/            NONE stg:x
parse_cleanup:x]             TYPE - tos:x/            NONE stg:x
parse_cleanup:x]       BRACE_OPEN - tos:x/            NONE stg:x
parse_cleanup:x]             WORD - tos:x/      BRACE_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:x]       PAREN_OPEN - tos:x/      BRACE_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:x]        QUALIFIER - tos:x/      PAREN_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:x]             TYPE - tos:x/      PAREN_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:x]         PTR_TYPE - tos:x/      PAREN_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:x]             WORD - tos:x/      PAREN_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:x]            COMMA - tos:x/      PAREN_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:x]             TYPE - tos:x/      PAREN_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:x]             TYPE - tos:x/      PAREN_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:x]             WORD - tos:x/      PAREN_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:x]      PAREN_CLOSE - tos:x/      PAREN_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:x]            COLON - tos:x/      BRACE_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:x]             WORD - tos:x/      BRACE_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:x]       PAREN_OPEN - tos:x/      BRACE_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:x]             WORD - tos:x/      PAREN_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:x]      PAREN_CLOSE - tos:x/      PAREN_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:x]            COMMA - tos:x/      BRACE_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:x]             WORD - tos:x/      BRACE_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:x]       PAREN_OPEN - tos:x/      BRACE_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:x]             WORD - tos:x/      PAREN_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:x]      PAREN_CLOSE - tos:x/      PAREN_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:x]       BRACE_OPEN - tos:x/      BRACE_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:x]      BRACE_CLOSE - tos:x/      BRACE_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:x]              INV - tos:x/      BRACE_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:x]             WORD - tos:x/      BRACE_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:x]       PAREN_OPEN - tos:x/      BRACE_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:x]      PAREN_CLOSE - tos:x/      PAREN_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:xx]       BRACE_OPEN - tos:x/      BRACE_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:xx]      BRACE_CLOSE - tos:x/      BRACE_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:xx]        QUALIFIER - tos:x/      BRACE_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:xx]             TYPE - tos:x/      BRACE_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:xx]         PTR_TYPE - tos:x/      BRACE_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:xx]        QUALIFIER - tos:x/      BRACE_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:xx]             WORD - tos:x/      BRACE_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:xx]        SEMICOLON - tos:x/      BRACE_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:xx]             TYPE - tos:x/      BRACE_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:xx]             TYPE - tos:x/      BRACE_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:xx]             WORD - tos:x/      BRACE_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:xx]        SEMICOLON - tos:x/      BRACE_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:xx]      BRACE_CLOSE - tos:x/      BRACE_OPEN stg:x
parse_cleanup:xx]        SEMICOLON - tos:x/            NONE stg:x
